Improve documentation via better READMEs (#508)
arkworks-rs/algebra: ec/README.md

    <a href="https://deps.rs/repo/github/arkworks-rs/algebra"><img src="https://deps.rs/repo/github/arkworks-rs/algebra/status.svg"></a>
</p>

`ark-ec` defines traits and algorithms for working with different kinds of additive groups, with a focus on groups arising from elliptic curves. It further provides concrete instantiations of these traits for various elliptic curve models, including popular families of pairing-friendly curves such as the BLS12 family of curves.
Implementations of particular curves using these curve models can be found in [`arkworks-rs/curves`](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/curves/README.md).

## Usage

### The `Group` trait

Many cryptographic protocols use as core building-blocks prime-order groups. The [`Group`](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/ec/src/lib.rs) trait is an abstraction that represents elements of such abelian prime-order groups. It provides methods for performing common operations on group elements:

```rust
use ark_ec::Group;
use ark_ff::{PrimeField, Field};
// We'll use the BLS12-381 G1 curve for this example.
// This group has a prime order `r`, and is associated with a prime field `Fr`.

> use ark_test_curves::bls12_381::{G1Projective as G, G1Affine as GAffine, Fr as ScalarField};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use ark_test_curves::bls12_381::{G1Projective as G, Fr as ScalarField};
```

let scalar = ScalarField::rand(&mut rng);
let e = c.mul(scalar);
let f = e.mul(scalar.inverse().unwrap());
assert_eq!(f, c);
```

## Scalar multiplication

While the `Group` trait already produces scalar multiplication routines, in many cases one can take advantage of
the group structure to perform scalar multiplication more efficiently. To allow such specialization, `ark-ec` provides
the `ScalarMul` and `VariableBaseMSM` traits. The latter trait computes an "inner product" between a vector of scalars `s` and a vector of group elements `g`. That is, it computes `s.iter().zip(g).map(|(s, g)| g * s).sum()`.

```rust
use ark_ec::{Group, VariableBaseMSM};
use ark_ff::{PrimeField, Field};
// We'll use the BLS12-381 G1 curve for this example.
// This group has a prime order `r`, and is associated with a prime field `Fr`.
use ark_test_curves::bls12_381::{G1Projective as G, G1Affine as GAffine, Fr as ScalarField};
use ark_std::{Zero, UniformRand};

let mut rng = ark_std::test_rng();
// Let's sample uniformly random field elements:
let a = GAffine::rand(&mut rng);
let b = GAffine::rand(&mut rng);

let s1 = ScalarField::rand(&mut rng);
let s2 = ScalarField::rand(&mut rng);

> let result = G::msm(&[a, b], &[s1, s2]);

Reviewer: something that reads odd, why is it group MSM, but GAffine base points?

(I understand the reason, just not sure if we want to note anything about this in README, or for simplicity make a,b in G)

```rust
use ark_ec::{pairing::Pairing, AffineRepr};
use ark_ff::Field;
use ark_std::UniformRand;

use ark_test_curves::bls12_381::{Bls12_381, G1Projective as G1, G2Projective as G2, Fq12 as Fq12};
use ark_test_curves::bls12_381::Fr as ScalarField;

// The pairing engine is parameterized by the scalar field of the curve.
let mut rng = ark_std::test_rng();
let s = ScalarField::rand(&mut rng);
let a = G1::rand(&mut rng);
let b = G2::rand(&mut rng);

// We can compute the pairing of two points on the curve, either monolithically...
let e1 = Bls12_381::pairing(a, b);
// ... or in two steps. First, we compute the Miller loop...
let ml_result = Bls12_381::miller_loop(a, b);
// ... and then the final exponentiation.
let e2 = Bls12_381::final_exponentiation(ml_result).unwrap();
assert_eq!(e1, e2);
```

### Hash-to-group

> `ark-ec` also provides traits for hashing to elliptic curve groups. The [`HashToCurve`](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/ec/src/hashing/mod.rs) trait allows users to hash arbitrary byte strings to points on elliptic curves, and allows using different hashing strategies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ark-ec` also provides traits for hashing to elliptic curve groups. The [`HashToCurve`](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/algebra/blob/master/ec/src/hashing/mod.rs) trait allows users to hash arbitrary byte strings to elliptic curve group elements, and allows using different hashing strategies.
```
